YES LYRICS - I Would Have Waited Forever




I would have waited forever - For you to return into my life
I would have waited forever - I would have given you everything I had
I would have waited forever - There's no question, no question at all

So true in the prize, would you wait for me?
All because you got burned, so you took what you needed.
Some will always turn away, say it's reason enough;
It's another game of exploration.
Something calls at reverse and it comes to you;
Experience everything as it comes true.

So - It will be then
Change - It will happen
See - That we feel it
All - Is completed.

Don't you want the world to stop short of giving?
Anytime of night or day, the magic things you love.
Everybody hurts when you shout, when you walk away;
Talk about it according to you.

I would have waited forever - For you to return into my life
I would have waited forever - To give you everything I had
I would have waited forever - There's no question about it at all

So inbetween the perfect flame of you, this love will never let you down.
Just take it as it comes, for everything will come around.

You put your hand up: stop the flow of where you're going to;
It's another game called exploration.
How we imagine everything that we think we're going through;
It's another reason to make the break.
Everyone will move with you now to the riverside;
Experience everything, but go with the landslide.

I would have waited forever - For you to return into my life
I would have waited forever - To give you everything I had
I would have waited forever - No question in my body and soul
Forever...


YES LYRICS - Shock To The System




Shock to the system,
But you're going back inside of the light.
Shock to the freedom,
Only one more body of love in the rolling - They're rolling back to you!
Dreaming all the time; they be dreaming all the time.

Shock to the politicians;
You know they just got burned by the fire.
Shock to the freedom whispers;
They're only coming after the rolling - They're rolling, coming over!
Dreaming all the time; they be dreaming all the time.

So, in answer to the prayer,
The one you want is there,
The one you feel inside of you.
So, in answer to the dream,
This time you are so clear;
It's always got to be this way!
Forever...

Shock to the future;
Shock to the rights of Mankind.
And they won't even go blind,
When they see what's going on.

So, in answer to the prayer,
The one you feel is there,
The one you feel so close to (The order of the Sun).
And everyone is one,
And all the pieces fit together.
Did it all begin with Someone?
Did it all begin with Someone?
I could not admit to being alive!

Shock to the system...


YES LYRICS - Lift Me Up




Look around - Got no place to stay.
God I hate this town, depending on the day.
You lift me up, you lift me down - Alright, OK.

While I got no life, I got no hope;
I'm falling in love.
Help me through the fight;
Help me with tonight - I'm calling.

What to do I find it hard to know;
Lord, the walk is not the one I chose...

Lift me up and turn me over;
Lead me on into the dawn.
Take me to the highest mountain;
Tie me up, love in a storm.
Have you decided on my fortune?
Facing the future in your eyes,
With your imperial behaviour
We fight amidst the battle cries.

Open doors - They may be closed to me;
The fire's still burning in my heart...

What to do I find it hard to know;
I want to turn my life around...


YES LYRICS - Without Hope You Cannot Start The Day




Hold still now for the moving information close to you.
You could never force it in your life: this decision to break it.
Without hope, you cannot start the day.

It's coming clear I've noticed;
It's a different face you're showing.
It's another "Welcome Back".
I don't imagine it could be this way (So jealous).
Only you can tell it; tell me why.
Only you call tell it.
Only you can say.
Inbetween this moving out to save your soul it came away,
And took it out;
Oh why?

Fire burning wild, burning in the night, chasing in the wind;
Shadows always dance in the rain, ringing into the fire.
Doesn't matter who, who can see in the smile.
Hope in the rain, open the flame, coming back in the night.
I can see the rhythm of the rain; I can see it shout back under:

I can see what you're thinking of
I can see what you think you need
I can see what you're thinking of
I can see that it must be love

Shadows come alight from the vision that flowed;
Shake it off - Passion is the flame that fired.
Does it matter? Can you give? Can you hear it come?
Can you see you're like?
What's the matter? Don't you want to risk? Don't you want to hold me?
Hold me, dance in the rain.
I can see the love in your eyes; I can see you coming.

I can see what you're thinking of
I can see what you think you want
I can see what you're thinking of
I can see that it must be love

Sweet suffering, love protection: Need it, You need; Come to me.
Believe it, better by far, your heart it there;
Most of all: Believe it.
Perfection Reaction...


YES LYRICS - Saving My Heart




In the street where we live there's a place called desire.
There's a stone-cold intrusion of mad man's fire,
But he leaves when the lust and desire released,
And you're left with an empty room in peace.

Saving my heart for you - You do what you want to do
There's a place in my heart for you - This time I'm watching you
Till the blood in my veins run dry - I'll be there to testify
There's a place in my heart for you...

I've been lost in the maze of emotional confound.
I believe that you knew our faith was secure;
How you kept-up your smile with a cool disposition,
How you stuck in the fire with a new sense of reason.

You tell me to take it easy, but it's not my style.
You saw me around the corner; it'll pass you by.
I wanna hold you closer to connect my fortunes.
I want take you higher, take it out like we did before.


YES LYRICS - Miracle Of Life




Hold on to the miracle of life...

Secret lives of oceans been washed away like mud.
You don't want my devotion;
You'd rather be washed in blood.
Can we turn away from this open anger?
Counting all the prey
Don't you feel the danger to the miracle of life.

Sing when open hearts are calling,
Shout with open eyes (To the miracle of life)
Far below the deepest treasure
To the miracle of life

Living in times of luster, waiting for the flood.
We don't agree with your concepts;
You'd rather be washed in blood.
Is it any wonder? (In my lifetime)
Cold depth of blue water...
Is it any wonder? (In my lifetime)
Rising tides of slaughter - shoulda been washed in blood

Sing when open hearts are calling,
Shout with open eyes (To the miracle of life)
Far beyond your deepest pleasure
To the miracle of life

Pacifica...Indian...Atlantica...


YES LYRICS - Silent Talking




Does it matter if He broke His spell?
So unreal is the future life along the way (day to day)
To turn around, it all comes through this feel.
It doesn't ring true.

Silent talking in the system, ringing to this beautiful world.
Silent talking, always dreaming, ringing to this beautiful world.
Silent talking in the system, ringing to this beautiful world.
Silent talking, always dreaming, ringing to this beautiful world.


YES LYRICS - The More We Live - Let Go




You and I can change the world;
The more we live, the more we learn, the more we know.
From this moment on we share the world;
The more we give, the more we love, the more we grow.
The spirit of imagination can lead us through the dark;
The more we see, the more we try, the more we show.
The evidence of our confusion, life has left its mark;
The more we fear, the more we lie, the more we hide.

As we walk into tomorrow (Turning away from the path we know)
Holding the future with our hands (We carry the weight of the world we go)
It's up to you and I (We hold the key; we hold the answer)

All our thoughts of doubt and fear (We leave it all by one)
The more we live, the more we learn, the more we know.
For each of us the road is clear and life has just begun;
The more we give, the more we love, the more we grow.
It's time to ease the thoughts we set for ourselves;
The more we fear, the more we lie, the more we hide.
All we need is just to believe in ourselves;
We face the truth, we see it clear, with no disguise.

Cast away our doubt and sorrow (Turning away from the past we know)
The Universe and all can be (Showing the fate of the world we know)
Together you and I, we hold the key to all the answers (Let go)


YES LYRICS - Angkor Wat




Out of the brightest tree the moon became the morning sun,
And there again reflected on the dreams of everyone.
Out of the starlight night the telling of all our lives,
And racing faster than the Northwestern World.

Starpoint to signal our endlessness
Starpoint to signal this evermore
Starpoint to compass: We look to the North
To return to the centre: Angkor Wat.

[Cambodian poetry; translation follows]

I am a child of the universe.

I deserve total recognition of this in the light of God.

Being a child of the universe,
I want to live in a world without war
I want to live in a world without starvation
I want to live in a world without pestilence
I want to live in a world of love, peace and harmony

Because I am a child of the universe.


YES LYRICS - Dangerous (Look In The Light Of What You're Searching For)




Come into the light, passing through wisdom.
Hoping for love, all at the knees.
You come across; you get too much.
Everybody needs it; don't show your body.

So dangerous - This fear of love
So dangerous - Can you handle it?
So dangerous - To love
So dangerous - Everyone else can do it

Walking the street, you're breaking your love.
Lose your heart, all in a mess.
In the middle of the night, looking for a little
And to the some; don't show your body.

Death defying - Hurt by love
Passing through shadows - Don't lose your body

So dangerous - This fear of love
So dangerous - Can you handle it?
So dangerous - To keep this fear of love
So dangerous - To let it go

I don't imagine I see it; don't get confused.
In the light, through the night...
Look in the light, through the night
Of what you're searching for.

Hide from your heart here in the arms of wanting.
Hide from the dark here in the arms of love.
Run from the fear inside the darkest reaches.
Look to yourself; you'll see the light of fear.

So dangerous - This fear of love
So dangerous - Can you handle it?
So dangerous - To love
So dangerous - Everyone else can do it
So dangerous - Give to the hear of love.


YES LYRICS - Holding On




See the searching...
See the people...

Out in the darkness I'm soul searching;
Did you find what we had lost?
All this time I've got to thinking about the promises;
How long this energy of Winter?
How many times could we never love?
How many times is time enough?

All the foolish notions: When we'll die that's all that is.
We can never really understand the broken promises.
All along we run together (Remember?)
All along we run as one (Remember?)
When you find a perfect union, you've got to follow it.

Stop that reason! Get the answer!
You've got to stop that thinking out loud! (Get the answer!)
Go where your heart tells you to (Get the answer!)
You're not that innocent! You've been around!

Got to be right; got it coming to you.
How many times is time enough? (Who we love?)
Your time is just beginning out of all where we came from.

Holding on: This point receiving; there it is!
Holding on: Can you remember?
Holding on: Was it ever like this?
Holding on: It's the most important thing.

It was the first time that I saw you
It was the first time that I knew
Out of all my disbelieving,
Holding on, I was holding you.


YES LYRICS - Take The Water To The Mountain




Take the water to the mountain;
Take the river to the sea.
Let the forest be salvation
Long before it needs to be.

Take the water to the mountain;
Let your body flow upstream.
Let it cascade off your shoulders;
Be the body of your dreams.

Take the water to the mountain;
Let the sun shine on your ground.
You decide your every movement;
Let the water to the land.

Take the water to the mountain;
Cross the Great Divide of Love.
Put to Nature all you can give;
Let the Mother know your heart.

Take the water to the mountain;
Let's become alive again.
Holy water, holy mountain,
Holy river, holy tree.

(Undecipherable; any takers?)


YES LYRICS - Give And Take




This is a right
total opposition
I believe in you
can't you hear me
it doesn't change
how we hurt each other
when the road gets rough
can't you hear me

Too much riding on the rhythm
too much gliding by the range
you know all the indications
don't be afraid, afraid of letting go

Just give & take
give what you have
I'll give it all to you
Give & take
I've made up my mind
we've just got to see it through
make me the reason
your answer to love
as another day goes by
think about, think about it
some things just happen for love [x2]
some things just happen

Make the rhythm
don't break the energy
it's never too late
to make a turnaround
you've got to move
in all directions
I believe in you
what we're going though

I know you're so complicated
I know always making time
I see it takes you to the very edge
don't be afraid, afraid of letting go

[chorus]

Too much riding on the rhythm
too much gliding by the range
too much takes you to the very edge
don't be afraid, afraid of letting go

Just give & take
give what you have
I'll give it all to you
give & take
don't be afraid to let go
of the silence that hits you
just give & take
get what you can
it's all that you can do

Just give & take
don't take too much
give & take
you gotta talk, talk, talk
reason to talk, talk, talk
get up, talk, talk, talk
out your system
talk, talk, talk
get out your system
talk, talk, talk

Give and take...


